Update documentation in gems (#633)
o3de/o3de-extras: Gems/WarehouseAutomation/README.md

[![Apache License, Version 2.0][apache_shield]][apache]

# Warehouse Automation Gem for Open 3D Engine (O3DE)

## Requirements
- Any O3DE project with the [ROS 2 Gem](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-extras/tree/development/Gems/ROS2) enabled.

Please refer to [O3DE documentation](https://docs.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/gems/) to learn more about Gems and about registering Gems in the system and O3DE projects.

## Description

> This Gem contains a set of models and prefabs with underlying O3DE components that can be used to create a warehouse project suitable for robotic simulations. In particular, it delivers a conveyor belt simulation and a proximity sensor that can be used to control the belt. E.g., it can be used to stop to belt when transported goods reach a certain position on a belt. The conveyor belt is fragmented into smaller pieces which can be put together in any configuration. Additionally, this Gem delivers an asset with a sample palletizer configuration, in which one conveyor belt splits into two pick-up stations for robotic arms and an extra roller conveyor for putting aside goods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Gem contains a set of models and prefabs with underlying O3DE components that can be used to create a warehouse simulation scene. It includes a conveyor belt with visuals and physical simulation as well as a proximity sensor that can be used to stop the belt, such as when transported goods reach a certain position. The conveyor belt is built from smaller pieces which can be put together in any configuration, allowing for twists and turns. Additionally, this Gem includes a sample palletizer configuration, in which one conveyor belt splits and feeds into two pick-up stations for robotic arms, and an extra roller conveyor for putting aside goods.
```

- `./Assets/Factory/ConveyorElements/ConveyorSegments_Turnout.prefab` - conveyor belt's element that splits into two and allows for goods distribution using a mechanized flap
- `./Assets/Factory/ConveyorElements/ConveyorSegments_Straight.prefab` - conveyor belt's straight element
- `./Assets/Factory/ConveyorElements/ConveyorSegments_Turn_90.prefab` - conveyor belt's turn element (90 degrees)
- `./Assets/Factory/ConveyorElements/ConveyorSegments_End.prefab` - conveyor belt's end element with an extra flap to keep transported goods positioned

Images of all prefabs are given in the next section.

The proximity sensor is an O3DE component with no corresponding visualization. It uses `AzPhysics::RayCastRequest` to check for collisions in its range and returns continuously the result of this test via `ProximitySensorNotificationBus`. Any O3DE component can connect to this bus and react to certain events. The sensor and the bus are also available for scripting in [ScriptCanvas](https://docs.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/scripting/script-canvas/). It is possible to set the frequency and the range of the sensor. The visualization beam can be disabled.

> The Gem was implemented primarily for [ROSCon2023Demo](https://github.com/RobotecAI/ROSCon2023Demo) project and it was separated for easier reuse in other works. More details about robotic simulations can be found in [ROS 2 Gem documentation](https://docs.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/interactivity/robotics/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details about robotic simulations can be found in [ROS 2 Gem documentation](https://docs.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/interactivity/robotics/). 
```

Reviewer: Note that the Gem is also used in the Manipulation Project Template.

Author: I decided to keep the information about the `ROSCon2023Demo` and added the `ManipulationTemplate`. It is an added value in readme when it directs to the real use case of the Gem.

[![Apache License, Version 2.0][apache_shield]][apache]

# Warehouse Automation Gem for Open 3D Engine (O3DE)

## Introduction

> This Gem contains a set of models and prefabs with underlying O3DE components that can be used to create a warehouse project suitable for robotic simulations. More details about such simulations in [Open 3D Engine](https:://o3de.org) can be found in [Robot Operating System (ROS) documentation](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/index.html) and [ROS2 Gem documentation](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-extras/tree/development/Gems/ROS2). The Gem was implemented primarily for [ROSCon2023Demo](https://github.com/RobotecAI/ROSCon2023Demo) project and it was separated for easier reuse in other works.

Reviewer: Similarly, please reword and check links.

Author: Removed the introduction section completely and moved the link to the description section.
